Mode Mode0 Mode1 Mode2 Mode.h void virtual void Mode::handleSinglePress
()=0 handleSinglePress handleSinglePress handleSinglePress
handleSinglePress void virtual void Mode::handleDoublePress ()=0
handleDoublePress handleDoublePress handleDoublePress handleDoublePress
void virtual void Mode::handleLongPress ()=0 handleLongPress
handleLongPress handleLongPress handleLongPress void virtual void
Mode::handlePressReleased ()=0 handlePressReleased handlePressReleased
handlePressReleased handlePressReleased void virtual void
Mode::handleSelectionStates ()=0 handleSelectionStates
handleSelectionStates handleSelectionStates handleSelectionStates void
virtual void Mode::handleResetSinglePress ()=0 handleResetSinglePress
handleResetSinglePress handleResetSinglePress handleResetSinglePress
void virtual void Mode::handleResetDoublePress ()=0
handleResetDoublePress handleResetDoublePress handleResetDoublePress
handleResetDoublePress void virtual void Mode::handleResetLongPress ()=0
handleResetLongPress handleResetLongPress handleResetLongPress
handleResetLongPress void virtual void Mode::handleResetPressReleased
()=0 handleResetPressReleased handleResetPressReleased
handleResetPressReleased handleResetPressReleased void virtual void
Mode::setup ()=0 setup setup setup setup void virtual void
Mode::teardown ()=0 teardown teardown teardown teardown void virtual
void Mode::update ()=0 update update update update Mode Mode0 Mode1
Mode2 Mode ModehandleDoublePress ModehandleLongPress
ModehandlePressReleased ModehandleResetDoublePress
ModehandleResetLongPress ModehandleResetPressReleased
ModehandleResetSinglePress ModehandleSelectionStates
ModehandleSinglePress Modesetup Modeteardown Modeupdate
