AnalogInputPin AnalogInputPin begin read ClockState lastTickTime
tickInterval isRunning ClockState Debug isEnabled print Encoder
Direction NONE CW CCW ButtonState OPEN PRESSED encCLK encDT encButton
prevStateCLK buttonState lastButtonPress pressCount lastTurnTime speed
DOUBLE\_PRESS\_INTERVAL LONG\_PRESS\_INTERVAL Encoder begin readEncoder
readButton handleEncoderDirection isButtonLongPressed
isButtonDoublePressed isButtonSinglePressed readSpeed EurorackClock
clockState timer tempoLed externalClock resetButton gates leds tempo
lastTickTime tickInterval lastExternalTickTime lastMidiClockTime
ledOnDuration ledOnTime clockPin resetPin ppqn isRunning isExternalTempo
isMidiClock timeToFlash resetTriggered externalTempo lastClockState
lastClockTime tickCount instance lastFlashTime flashPulseCount
MIDI\_CLOCK\_TIMEOUT LED\_ON\_DURATION LONG\_LED\_ON\_DURATION
MIDI\_CLOCK\_PULSE\_COUNT EurorackClock setup start stop reset reset
tick setTempo getTempo flashTempoLed handleExternalClock handleMidiClock
setPPQN setExternalTempo toggleLedOnDuration interruptHandler
resetInterruptHandler updateTempoLed updateFlashPulseCount
shouldTriggerClockPulse triggerClockPulse handleResetTrigger decideFlash
triggerTempoLed triggerGates handleTempoLed Gate gateOnDuration
triggeredTime division Gate \~Gate trigger update setDivision
getDivision setGateOnDuration Gates numGates gateCounters gateArray
selectedGate Gates \~Gates begin setState getState turnOnGate
turnOffGate setALLGates update trigger setDivision getDivision
setSelectedGate getSelectedGate setGateOnDuration InputHandler cvA cvB
InputHandler begin readCVA readCVB InputPin useInternalPullup
useInternalPulldown InputPin InputPin begin getState LED blinkStartTime
blinkInterval intensity isBlinking ledOnDuration invertedLedOnDuration
triggeredTime inverted LED \~LED startBlinking stopBlinking
updateBlinking setIntensity trigger update resetIvernted
setLedOnDuration LEDController leds numLeds LEDController turnAllOn
turnAllOff blinkSlow blinkFast blinkFaster stopBlinking stopAllBlinking
resetInverted resetInverted getNumLeds update clearAndResetLEDs
clearLEDs updateBlinking setState LEDs numLeds leds LEDs \~LEDs begin
setState setState getState setAllLeds startBlinking stopBlinking
stopAllBlinking updateBlinking setIntensity setAllintensity update
trigger resetInverted MIDIHandler instance confirmedChannel midiSerial
midi clock channel gates leds MIDIHandler begin handleMidiMessage
setChannel setMode handleClock handleStart handleStop handleContinue
handleMode0NoteOn handleMode0NoteOff handleMode1NoteOn
handleMode1NoteOff handleMode2NoteOn handleMode2NoteOff Mode
handleSinglePress handleDoublePress handleLongPress handlePressReleased
handleSelectionStates handleResetSinglePress handleResetDoublePress
handleResetLongPress handleResetPressReleased setup teardown update
Mode0 ledController encoder resetButton gates clock midiHandler
inputHandler inDivisionSelection externalTempo singlePressHandled
singleResetPressHandled tempoIncrement minTempo maxTempo divisionIndex
selectedGate selectingTempo doublePressHandled doubleResetPressHandled
Mode0 handleSinglePress handleDoublePress handleLongPress
handlePressReleased handleSelectionStates handleResetSinglePress
handleResetDoublePress handleResetLongPress handleResetPressReleased
setup teardown update setDivisionPPQN setDefaultDivisionIndex
handleEncoder handleButton handleResetButton handleCVInput
handleTempoSelection Mode1 ledController inputHandler encoder
resetButton gates midiHandler doublePressHandled inChannelSelection
isInSelection singlePressHandled selectedChannel confirmedChannel
previousChannel NUM\_MIDI\_CHANNELS numLeds Mode1 handleSinglePress
handleDoublePress handleLongPress handlePressReleased
handleSelectionStates handleResetSinglePress handleResetDoublePress
handleResetLongPress handleResetPressReleased setup teardown update
handleEncoder handleButton handleChannelSelection
handleChannelSelectionPress Mode2 ledController inputHandler encoder
resetButton gates midiHandler doublePressHandled isInSelection
singlePressHandled numLeds Mode2 handleSinglePress handleDoublePress
handleLongPress handlePressReleased handleSelectionStates
handleResetSinglePress handleResetDoublePress handleResetLongPress
handleResetPressReleased setup teardown update handleEncoder
handleButton ModeSelector modes nullMode currentMode mode
inModeSelection ledController encoder resetButton isInSelection
inChannelSelection singlePressHandled doublePressHandled
longPressHandled totalModes previousMode numLeds getInstance getMode
setMode handleLongPress handleEncoderRotation handleModeSelectionPress
handleButtonPress setLedController setEncoder setCurrentMode
isInModeSelection getCurrentMode addMode update ModeSelector
ModeSelector operator= OutputPin OutputPin begin setState getState Pin
pin state Pin \~Pin PWMPin dutyCycle timer PWMPin begin setDutyCycle
getDutyCycle ResetButton ButtonState OPEN PRESSED pin resetButton
buttonState lastButtonPress pressCount DOUBLE\_PRESS\_INTERVAL
LONG\_PRESS\_INTERVAL ResetButton begin readButton isButtonLongPressed
isButtonDoublePressed isButtonSinglePressed SPDTSwitch pinA pinB
SPDTSwitch begin read Constants.h musicalIntervals musicalIntervalsSize
internalPPQN Debug.h Encoder.h EurorackClock.h Gate.h Gates.h
InputHandler.h LED.h LEDController.h LEDs.h MIDIHandler.h Mode.h Mode0.h
Mode1.h Mode2.h ModeSelector.h Pin.h ResetButton.h SPDTSwitch.h
SwitchState NEUTRAL STATE\_A STATE\_B Debug.cpp Encoder.cpp DEBUG\_PRINT
EurorackClock.cpp DEBUG\_PRINT Gate.cpp DEBUG\_PRINT Gates.cpp
DEBUG\_PRINT InputHandler.cpp DEBUG\_PRINT LED.cpp DEBUG\_PRINT
LEDController.cpp LEDs.cpp DEBUG\_PRINT main.cpp DEBUG\_PRINT RX\_PIN
TX\_PIN ENCODER\_PINA ENCODER\_PINB ENCODER\_BUTTON CLOCK\_PIN
RESET\_PIN RESET\_BUTTON TEMPO\_LED CV\_A\_PIN CV\_B\_PIN pins numPins
gates ledPins numLedPins leds encCLKPin encDTPin encButtonPin
inModeSelection intensity isInSelection lastFlashTime internalPPQN
musicalIntervals musicalIntervalsSize total\_pages min\_intensity
intensity\_step encoder resetButton ledController clock midiHandler
inputHandler modeSelector currentMode mode0 mode1 mode2 setup loop
MIDIHandler.cpp DEBUG\_PRINT isInSelection Mode.cpp Mode0.cpp
DEBUG\_PRINT Mode1.cpp DEBUG\_PRINT Mode2.cpp DEBUG\_PRINT
ModeSelector.cpp DEBUG\_PRINT Pin.cpp DEBUG\_PRINT ResetButton.cpp
SPDTSwitch.cpp include src
